[CFEP-15] deprecate Python 2.7 (#26)
conda-forge/cfep: cfep-15.md

<table>
<tr><td> Title </td><td> Deprecate Python 2.7 </td>
<tr><td> Status </td><td> Proposed </td></tr>
<tr><td> Author(s) </td><td> Matthew R. Becker &lt;becker.mr@gmail.com&gt;</td></tr>
<tr><td> Created </td><td> Mar 9, 2020</td></tr>
<tr><td> Updated </td><td> Mar 9, 2020</td></tr>
<tr><td> Discussion </td><td> NA </td></tr>
<tr><td> Implementation </td><td> NA </td></tr>
</table>

## Abstract

Python 2.7 is officially deprecated. `conda-forge` will follow suit.

## Motivation

Python 2.7 has been officially deprecated by the upstream developers and Anaconda Inc.
Further, vs2008, used to build Python 2.7, is not supported on Azure. Thus we will
deprecate both here.

## Specification

- We will remove Python 2.7 from the global pinnings.
- We will post a notice in the documentation that Python 2.7 is deprecated.
- We will provide an admin command that will add back Python 2.7 to any repo
  on an opt-in basis.
- We will provide no ongoing support for Python 2.7 builds and any builds are
  provided on an "as-is" basis.

> - We will deprecate vs2008 and appveyor as a supported CI platform in conjunction 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We will remove vs2008 and deprecate appveyor as a supported CI platform in conjunction 
```

> - We will remove vs2008 and deprecate appveyor as a supported CI platform in conjunction 

Reviewer 2: I thought there were still issues with MSBuild. Is that not true any more?

Author: @isuruf?

Reviewer: We'll have to go to VS2017

Reviewer 2: So things like ( https://github.com/conda-forge/libdb-feedstock/pull/9 ) will work with VS2017?

Author: For background we have to deprecate appveyor to implement cfep-13 which has already passed. So that means removing vs2008 no matter what. Appveyor doesnt support secrets per feedstock. The keys they use to encrypt secrets are shared across conda-forge.

Reviewer 2: No complaints with deprecating vs2008. The question is some recipes require MSBuild and they only work on AppVeyor (not Azure). Though maybe @isuruf is saying that is not the case if we go to VS2017?

Reviewer: > So things like ( conda-forge/libdb-feedstock#9 ) will work with VS2017?

It might or might not. Dunno.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We will remove vs2008 as a compiler in conjunction 
```
